{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green42\blue42;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Catalyst Forum Website Project Concept\
\
Earlier this year, my company hosted an\'a0industry workshop called The Catalyst Forum. We\'a0used Wix to throw together a template-y one-page site that offered a topic description, logistics, presenter bios, RSVP form, etc. With at least two upcoming forums in development, I would like to create a site that is more branded, sophisticated, and sustainable. With the timing, it will likely be a sample/hypothetical event, and I would build out a mini-site that includes the aforementioned sections as the navigation. The mini site would be linked to a Catalyst Forum "landing" page that would serve as the depository for all past/upcoming Catalyst Forums and offer a more comprehensive view into the work that we are doing. However, most users would be entering at the individual event site level, since each forum is very targeted by location and topic.\'a0\
\
In terms of structure, I am imagining a fixed vertical nav with a full-width main column that may be divided depending on the individual page. Since there won't be a ton of content on each page, I almost want it to have no vertical scrolling at a "standard" desktop resolution.\'a0Tentative pages would be topic overview, logistics, presenter bios, contact/rsvp, and then About Catalyst Forums.\
}